[Term Entry] Java Calendar Function: .getActualMinimum() (#3008)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/getActualMinimum/getActualMinimum.md

---
Title: '.getActualMinimum()'

> Description: 'Returns the minimum value that the specified calendar field could have based on the time value of the calendar.'

Reviewer: This description uses the same wording as the definitions on other sites-
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/util/calendar_getactualminimum.htm
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/calendar-getactualminimum-method-in-java-with-examples/

There is no plagiarism permitted in docs, all content must be original. Please update the description using your own words. Also update line 16 to be in alignment with the new description.

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Calendar'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getActualMinimum()`** method returns the minimum possible value that the specified calendar field can have.

## Syntax

```pseudo
min = cal.getActualMinimum(field);
```

> Where `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` object, and `field` is the constant for the field to retrieve the minimum for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` object, and `field` is the constant for which the minimum will be returned.
```

## Example

> The below example uses getActualMinimum() to retrieve the minimum value for a year and the minimum value for a month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below example uses `.getActualMinimum()` to retrieve the minimum value for a year and the minimum value for a month.
```

```java
import java.util.Calendar;

public class CalendarDemo {
  public static void main(String[] args) {

    // Create a calendar
    Calendar cal = Calendar.getInstance();

>     // return the minimum value that the year field could have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Return the minimum value that the year field could have
```

    int a = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.YEAR);

>     System.out.println("Minimum year :" + a);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    System.out.println("Minimum year: " + a);
```

>     // return the minimum value that the month field could have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Return the minimum value that the month field could have
```

    int i = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.MONTH);

>     System.out.println("Minimum month :" + i);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    System.out.println("Minimum month: " + i);
```

  }
}
```

The output from the snippet above would look like this:

```shell

> Minimum year :1
> Minimum month :0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum year: 1
Minimum month: 0
```

---
Title: '.getActualMinimum()'
Description: 'Returns the minimum value that the specified calendar field could have based on the time value of the calendar.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Calendar'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.getActualMinimum()`** method returns the minimum possible value that the specified calendar field can have.

## Syntax

> min = cal.getActualMinimum(field);

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```pseudo
min = cal.getActualMinimum(field);
```
````

Author: Have added these new suggestions now

Where `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` object, and `field` is the constant for the field to retrieve the minimum for.

> The below example uses getActualMinimum() to retrieve the minimum value for a year and the minimum value for a month
> 
> ## Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example

The below example uses getActualMinimum() to retrieve the minimum value for a year and the minimum value for a month.
```

```java
import java.util.Calendar;

public class CalendarDemo {
  public static void main(String[] args) {

    // Create a calendar
    Calendar cal = Calendar.getInstance();

    // return the minimum value that the year field could have
    int a = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.YEAR);
    System.out.println("Minimum year :" + a);

    // return the minimum value that the month field could have
    int i = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.MONTH);
    System.out.println("Minimum month :" + i);

>    
>     

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Remove extra blank lines.

---
Title: '.getActualMinimum()'

> Description: 'Returns the minimum value that the specified calendar field could have based on the time value of this calendar'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the minimum value that the specified calendar field could have based on the time value of the calendar.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Calendar'
>   - 'Time'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Date'
  - 'Time'
```
Need to use only tags from this list: https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md

>   - 'Calendar'
>   - 'Time'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'Calendar'
  - 'Time'
  - 'Date'
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestions. I've made and committed the changes. Let me know if I did something wrong or if the changes don't show for some reason.

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The `.getActualMinimum()` method returns the minimum possible value that the specified calendar field could have 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`.getActualMinimum()`** method returns the minimum possible value that the specified calendar field can have. 
```

> ## Syntax

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Syntax

```
blank line after header

```pseudo

> //Instance of a calendar is created
> Calendar cal = Calendar.getInstance();
> 
> //This returns the minimum value of the calendar field provided
> min = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.YEAR);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
min = myCalendar.getActualMinimum(field);
```
The syntax block should be more general, and just illustrating the method in use.

```

> The method above returns the minimum value for a calendar year

Reviewer 3: [Question/proofreading] Is this statement for the below  code snippet? If so, I highly recommend using this method to clarify this point:
```suggestion
The method below returns the minimum value for a calendar year
```

> The method above returns the minimum value for a calendar year

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `myCalendar` is a `Calendar` object, and `field` is the constant for the field to retrieve the minimum for.
```
This sentence should be describing elements of the syntax example.

## Example

> ```java

Reviewer 2: Before the example should be an introductory sentence summarizing what the example is doing.

import java.util.Calendar;

public class CalendarDemo {
  public static void main(String[] args) {

    // Create a calendar
    Calendar cal = Calendar.getInstance();

    // return the minimum value that the year field could have
    int a = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.YEAR);
    System.out.println("Minimum year :" + a);

    // return the minimum value that the month field could have
    int i = cal.getActualMinimum(Calendar.MONTH);
    System.out.println("Minimum month :" + i);

>    
>     
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
